Alrighty, so let's go ahead
and move into Eclipse.
And what I'd like to do in this video,
is that we're actually gonna set up a new project,
and copy over our Spring JARs.
I like to keep things separate,
just so we're not putting everything into one project.
Also, it's a good practice,
to set up a couple of projects also.
Just so you can kind of remember everything.
So the first thing I'm gonna do here
is we're actually gonna go through and create a new project.
So I'll go to File, New.
And I'll select Java Project.
And then for the project name
I'll say spring-demo-annotations.
And I'll keep all the other defaults here,
and I'll go ahead and click on the Finish button.
Okay, great so we have this new project up top
called spring-demo-annotations.
It's empty right now.
What I like to do is copy over the Spring JARs.
And so I'll actually use that previous project
that we already had set up.
So the project of spring-demo-one
that's the one that we've used in our previous videos.
I actually wanna copy the lib directory
from spring-demo-one.
And I simply just do a right-click and choose Copy.
And then I'll move up to spring-demo-annotations
that's the new project that we just created.
And I'll paste those files there.
So I'll do a right-click and choose Paste.
Okay great so now we've pasted this
new directory over there lib
and this is part of our spring-demo-annotations.
This is great but we need to do one more thing.
We actually need to add these JAR files
to our project class path.
So we'll go ahead and select the project up top
spring-demo-annotations.
And I'll right-click and choose Properties.
Because I actually need to setup
my Build Path at this point.
And over on the left hand side
let's choose Java Build Path.
Then in the center we'll click on Libraries.
And then we'll move over and then we'll choose Add JARs.
And let's expand the folder here for spring-demo-annotations
that's the new project that we just created.
And we'll expand that lib directory.
And so I'll just go through in that lib directory
I'll select all of those JAR files.
Just do a shift click on all of those JAR files.
Big long list here.
And once you have all those JAR files selected
go ahead and click on the OK button.
And now there should be listed here in the center.
AOK.
And then again in the bottom right click on the OK button.
Okay great.
So it does all the setting up, all the scanning and so on.
So now we should have this newer item here called
Reference Libraries which is basically all those JAR files
but now they're actually on our project class path.
Once you have this in place then you're good to go.
Now in the following videos we'll go ahead
and we'll actually start writing code.
But I at least want to get a new project setup from scratch
just to help us out with our future development.
Okay so this is good stuff so far.
I'll see you in the next video.